so how's it going everybody so what
we're doing today right now we're
driving through campus this is this is
where we are we're just driving through
and I thought today would be a good day
to try out some new food so steer so now
Reed is I need some yum-yum some food
cuz we're hungry they have really good
talking to you guys they look for the
episode of the amigo turtle my two new
ones what is this yeah from our bus tour
that's a marinated pork with some
pineapples of onion Carnac ok gotta load
that up shows how you load it up
seventy-five 75 10 we're here in mood
shifts greatest gas station in logan
reason why the greatest gas station is
logan because not because they have
amazing drink quality and selection but
also notice i'm not getting out of my
car to get my drink because they have a
drive-thru what there's a drive-through
muches how they gone sir boy this for
their school we will take our the 32
ounce dr. pepper and a 32 ounce now do
with a peach flavor squirts out thing on
me okay open 24 their open 24 hours and
it's nice because when it's cold and
there's nine feet of snow on the ground
you have to get out of your car they
give you 99-cent any size and hot
beverage
could heat up a slurpee thanks
okay so you gotta drinks
one more thing to do to complete our
meal earlobe leave true Utah State
students to get at the edge I have right
here a path for one free scoop of ice
cream I would love one scoop of a cue
ball tracks
calling / talk about not really smash
though Patti ice cream
the old tradition is a very famous for
it it's the first type of ice cream
we're going to space yeah intergalactic
ice cream it's pretty incredible okay
thank you so much you're up and out
hello
wanted to show you some good things and
Logan the little ball
so state come travel to Logan you know
some good places to eat
you